1.Troubleshooting:
Using Encapsulation Troubleshooting is easier with the OOP language.
Suppose the user has no idea where the bug lies if there is an error within the code.
Also, the user has no idea where to look into the code to fix the error.
This is quite difficult for standard programming languages. 
However, when Object-Oriented Programming is applied, the user knows exactly where to look into the code whenever there is an error.
There is no need to check other code sections as the error will show where the trouble lies.
It is mainly through encapsulation that makes the objects self-contained. 
This further helps in troubleshooting and easier collaborative development.

2. Code Reusability:
One of two important concepts that are provided by Object-Oriented Programming is the concept of inheritance.
Through inheritance, the same attributes of a class are not required to be written repeatedly. 
Thus, Object-Oriented Programming offers the feature of class reusability where the class that is once created can be used again. 
In doing so, time is saved, and the need for extra coding is eliminated as similar features can be inherited.

3.Productivity:
The productivity of two codes increases through the use of Object-Oriented Programming. 
This is because the OOP has provided so many libraries that new programs have become more accessible.
Also, as it provides the facility of code reusability, the length of a code is decreased, 
further enhancing the faster development of newer codes and programs.

4.Security:
Because of the concept of data abstraction in OOPS, only a limited amount of data is shown to the user.
The rest data is not exposed while exposing only the required amount of data. Therefore, it allows the maintenance of security.
The concept of abstraction is used to hide the complexity from other users and demonstrate the element’s information as per the requirements.

5.Code Flexibility:
The flexibility is offered through the concept of Polymorphism. A scenario can be considered for a better understanding of the concept.
A person can behave differently whenever the surroundings change. For example, if the person is in a market, the person will behave like a customer, 
or the behavior might get changed to a student when the person is in a school or any institution.


